
Q1: What kinds of research could people do using the information in Hansard as a resource?
The official reports of parliamentary debates are divided into two sections on Hansard website, one of which is for House of Commons, and another is for House of Lords. People can simply locate what they would like to know by using date settings or keywords search. They can take research on the written resources to learn opinions on specific topics and find answers to some typical questions from House of Commons or House of Lords, such as Covid-19, births and deaths, pensions, and international development strategy. Researchers can not only find these temporarily controversial topics but also materials from the past 200 years, which are more precious for historical research. For example, someone would like to do some research on laws’ influence on crime rate, he or she can search the crime bill on Hansard to track the timeline of the exact crime bill and get elaboration of the bill from the parliamentary.  

Q2: How well does the Hansard website facilitate those kinds of research?
I think there seems to be 3 advantages. First, since most of the parliamentary expresses are held on specific time, many people cannot catch up with them. In this situation, they can click Hansard’s website to see what is going on. This is also beneficial for those who prefer written materials. The second advantage is accuracy, which means if someone has lost some of the important issues, he or she can check with recordings on Hansard because the recordings are written by more professional members. The last one is consistency. Thousand of contents have been recorded by Hansard since 200 years ago, and the consistency means that people will not miss any of the details, so the progress of research will be more smoothy and complete. 
