---
layout: post
title: The British Newspaper Archive.
---

As is said in Wikipedia, “The British Newspaper Archive website provides access to searchable digitized archives of British and Irish newspapers. It was launched in November 2011.” With the rise of electronic reading, paper-based newspapers have been greatly affected due to its inconvenience and environmental protection. People nowadays are more inclined to read news on mobile devices such as mobile phones and computers instead of buying a newspaper. “In May 2010, a ten-year programme of digitization of the newspaper archives with commercial partner DC Thomson subsidiary Brightsolid began.In November 2011, BBC News reported on the launch of the British Newspaper Archive, an initiative to facilitate online access to over one million pages of pre-20th century newspapers.The same newspapers from this partnership have also been made available to view on Findmypast and Genes Reunited.”

To better meet people's reading needs, archive was born, and people can read the contents of newspapers and periodicals on the web. At the same time, it also has a more powerful collection significance. It contains electronic manuscripts of newspapers from 1700 and retains traces of history. When people want to read previous newspapers, they no longer need to go to the British Library to check them. Search on this archive to get the desired result.

The emergence of archives greatly facilitates students and scholars. They can access early newspapers more conveniently when conducting research on topics. When people want to inquire about past news, they can also avoid the trouble of distance. Visitors will see various newspapers from 1700 to the present, including "Aberdeem Press and Journal”, etc. The regions involved are England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales.

The emergence of this Archive is due to the joint promotion of the collection of newspapers in the British Library and digital technology. It takes a large team to Maintain the operation of the website.

Tags: HOME SAVED BLOG HELP ABOUT US
Sub-category: Date, Newspaper, Countries, Regions, Counties, Places and Access type.  

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Newspaper_Archive
https://www.britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk/search

