---
layout: post
title: Poetry archive
---

<h2>How is the site organized?</h2>
Homepage: The theme of the archive is put in the middle of the webpage, with a convenient search bar for users to search poets directly. If users just want to explore the website, they can click ‘Start exploring the archive’ to go into the inner page, which includes poems, poets, interviews, collections, and the mighty dead part.  The following is the 2021 poem winners. The archive also designs a listening section for specific needs. The function of the archive is to explore, listen and collect.
Navigation: There are five directions, including ‘About’, ‘Support’, ‘Children’s poetry archive’, ‘Teach’, and ‘Glossary’. Children’s archive is a part that is relatively independent of the archive, and its aiming users are children. ‘Teach’ is mainly designed for those want to teach poems. 

<h2>What kinds of content is featured on the site?</h2>
The best pieces of the poems such as the works of 20 winning poets of 2021 are featured on the website. The most popular ones are also listed on the homepage. 

<h2>In what ways does the site help you discover the content?</h2>
First, I can use the navigation bar to find the direction of what I need. The background colors of the website and words are in large contrast so I can find contents easily. I can also user the search function to quickly locate materials. Of each content, there are themes or short introduction on the top to assist users. 

<h2>What does the site do to facilitate appreciation of the poetry?</h2>
For adults, they can read the poems, learn the background of the poets, and select best pieces to listen if they have deeper interest. There are many written materials like poems, introduction of the poets, and poem prizes. Also, there are many videos and other listening materials to help users get better understanding. For children, the website is more colorful, and contents are more suitable for children to read. Videos add fun to the reading process.

<h2>What does the site do to facilitate research of the poetry?</h2>
In this archive, it presents many related and detailed materials of poetry to facilitate research. In the inner page, poets and poems can be filtered by type, theme, glossary, and region. Researcher can easily collect information. Interview provides more complete background of the poetry. Collections are fully wide and available for everyone. The overall framework is relatively complete, meeting the needs of researchers. 
